[no-ci] Support organization-owned forks in AGENTS.md (#2378)
NVIDIA/cuda-python: AGENTS.md

# Pull requests

Treat the canonical repository used as the pull-request base as read-only by

> default. Push branches and commits to an approved fork, which may be owned by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Treat the canonical repository used as the pull-request base as read-only. Push branches and commits to an approved fork, which may be owned by
```

Author: "By default" was removed.

either a personal account or an organization.

Before pushing:

- Run `git remote -v` and resolve the complete `OWNER/REPOSITORY` names of the
  base repository and intended fork.
- Confirm that the push target is a fork of the base repository and is not the
  base repository itself. Compare complete repository names; the owner alone
  is not sufficient to distinguish them.
- Push using the explicit fork remote and branch, for example
  `git push <fork-remote> <branch>`.

Do not push to the canonical repository unless the user explicitly requests,

> in the current conversation, a push to a specific branch in that repository.

Reviewer: This opens up a window for mistakes.  What's wrong with saying "Never push to the canonical repository"?  The user can always do it by hand anyway.  None of us should be running with write access to the canonical repository in our local checkouts -- that's too dangerous.

Author: Addressed: The canonical repository is unconditionally read-only to agents.

The wording is very strong now. Let's see how it'll work in practice for situations that require pushes to upstream (i.e. for testing changes to GHA workflows; or stacked PRs).

This can be necessary, for example, to test workflows that run only for
upstream branches. Before such a push, verify the exact `OWNER/REPOSITORY`,
remote, and destination branch. Authorization to push a test branch does not
authorize pushing to a default or protected branch, creating tags,
force-pushing, or deleting branches; those actions require separate explicit
authorization.

> Use `gh pr create` when it can identify the fork unambiguously. Always select

Reviewer: So if the agent can identify the fork unambiguously, it is free to create a PR?  Certainly that's not what's intended, but 100% can imagine the agent doing the wrong thing here.

Author: Addressed: PR creation now requires an explicit user request.

HEAD_REPO="<fork-owner>/<fork-repository>"
HEAD_REPO_ID="<fork-repository-node-id>"
HEAD_BRANCH="<head-branch>"
BODY_FILE="<path-to-pr-body>"
```

Obtain the node IDs with `gh api "repos/${BASE_REPO}" --jq '.node_id'` and
`gh api "repos/${HEAD_REPO}" --jq '.node_id'`. Then create the PR with
`headRepositoryId` to identify the organization-owned fork:

```
gh api graphql \
  -f repositoryId="${BASE_REPO_ID}" \
  -f headRepositoryId="${HEAD_REPO_ID}" \
  -f baseRefName="${BASE_BRANCH}" \
  -f headRefName="${HEAD_BRANCH}" \
  -f title="<title>" \
  -F body="@${BODY_FILE}" \
  -F draft=false \
  -f query='
    mutation CreatePullRequest(
      $repositoryId: ID!
      $headRepositoryId: ID!
      $baseRefName: String!
      $headRefName: String!
      $title: String!
      $body: String!
      $draft: Boolean!
    ) {
      createPullRequest(input: {
        repositoryId: $repositoryId
        headRepositoryId: $headRepositoryId
        baseRefName: $baseRefName
        headRefName: $headRefName
        title: $title
        body: $body
        draft: $draft
      }) {
        pullRequest { number url }
      }
    }' \
  --jq '.data.createPullRequest.pullRequest'

> ```

Reviewer: What's the rationale for including detailed information about the GraphQL API here?  Certainly the agent has access to the docs, and I worry this would bitrot.

Author: Addressed with a compromise based on the team discussion: the full mutation example was replaced with the essential, more durable API details. The CLI issue is now linked so maintainers can determine when the workaround is no longer needed.

Use `-F draft=true` instead when a draft pull request is intended.

Every pull request must have at least one assignee, one label, and a milestone,
regardless of how it was created. CI enforces this via the
`pr-metadata-check` workflow. With `gh pr create`, use the `--assignee`,
`--label`, and `--milestone` flags. After the API fallback, use the returned PR
number with the base repository explicitly:

```
gh pr edit <pr-number> --repo "${BASE_REPO}" \
  --add-assignee "<assignee>" --add-label "<label>" \
  --milestone "<milestone>"
```

If you are unsure which label or milestone to use, inspect the base repository
with `gh label list --repo "${BASE_REPO}"` and `gh api

> "repos/${BASE_REPO}/milestones" --jq '.[].title'`, then pick the best match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are unsure which label or milestone to use, don't guess. Flag it for the user and have them fill it in.
```

Author: Addressed: Agents must ask rather than guess metadata.
